## Reflection Blog

As an accounting major with zero background of using or studying digital humanities projects, I came into the class not knowing what to expect. I even joined the class a week late after discovering I needed another writing intensive to graduate. Missing this first week meant I joined the class post discussions about defining digital humanities, and in doing so I was left to learn about it along the way. Googling the term's definition my first week left me unsatisfied and still with little understanding of what digital humanities were, especially the humanities part.

I looked at and analyzed what felt like close to 100 individual projects over the course of the class. One of the most important assignments that helped my understanding of the field was the review blog post. During the weeks leading up to its due date, we had to browse a bunch of different projects. Understanding what made the projects digital was easy but going through the variety of themes and purposes of the projects still confused me about what made some of them about humanities. The majority of the projects I looked at had to deal with human history in some way, yet some DH projects for example analyzed different species of mosquitos in a country or even the difference in oceanic plates in the Pacific and Atlantic.

What really helped my understanding of the field was creating our own grant to receive a stipend from the school to make our own digital project. The more I looked at other projects to help find motivation for my own, the more I began to understand the purpose and themes of the other projects. I was finding it easier to see how each project tied in with the humanities once I started drafting up my grant. Humanities is such a vast subject and finding a way to tie my desired project idea back into the academic study was easy after the amount of browsing we had done in and out of class of other digital projects. 

The pace of the class was great with very minimal times of feeling overwhelmed, especially with me taking 18 credits this semester. I do not say this meaning there was little work or that the class was easy inn general. However, we were granted substantial time to work on our blogs or other assignments in class, use Dr. Stover as a resource not just in office hours, and receive plenty of feedback from fellow students. The time allotted for us to work in class helped me understand better our readings and assignments, especially due to the feedback from Dr. Stover and other students that I may not have reached out for outside of the class setting.

Along with the pace of the class, the layout of the schedule was easy to follow as not only each assignment but each individual reading for the rest of the semester was posted before class began. This allowed for me to better manage my time and also to get a better understanding of the direction the course was heading. There were not too many loaded content readings, and the readings were easy to keep up with. Each reading directly related to our next project even if the reading itself was not directly correlated to Digital Humanities, such as "Shitty First Drafts" before our first peer review. In fact, most of my favorite readings from the class were one not necessarily about our specific projects such as the Text Scanning Patterns reading, "Shitty First Drafts", and the gendered language in teacher reviews project.
